Doc update for the launch of teams on Sourcegraph Cloud (#28753)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: doc/cloud/index.md

# Sourcegraph Cloud

## Sourcegraph Cloud for Individuals
- [Getting Started on Sourcegraph Cloud](getting_started_on_cloud.md)
- [Differences between Sourcegraph Cloud, self-hosted, and enterprise](cloud_ent_on-prem_comparison.md)
- [Indexing open source code in Sourcegraph Cloud](indexing_open_source_code.md)
- [Notifications on Sourcegraph Cloud](notifications_on_cloud.md)
- [Access tokens on Sourcegraph Cloud](access_tokens_on_cloud.md)

> ## Sourcegraph Cloud for Organizations
> Note: Sourcegraph Cloud for Organizations is in Private Beta. If you are interested in getting early-access, [join our waitlist](https://share.hsforms.com/14OQ3RoPpQTOXvZlUpgx6-A1n7ku)!

Reviewer: @ryphil Looks like you're formatting this header to match the one before "for Individuals / for Organizations". Can we just be careful to not make it look like we're establishing a new product name? How do you feel about something like this?

```suggestion
## Sourcegraph Cloud for Teams
Note: Team access for Sourcegraph Cloud is in Private Beta. If you are interested in getting early-access, [join our waitlist](https://share.hsforms.com/14OQ3RoPpQTOXvZlUpgx6-A1n7ku)!
```

Reviewer: I see that it's generally awkward when we also use "Organizations" as a defined term within the product. I'm not sure there's a right answer here — let's just find a way to not confuse people (and maybe that's just not capitalizing "Organizations" when it isn't part of a title)
